io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/example/podcast_app/R.java
 com.example.podcast_app.R
 com.example.podcast_app.R$attr
 com.example.podcast_app.R$color
 com.example.podcast_app.R$dimen
 com.example.podcast_app.R$drawable
 com.example.podcast_app.R$id
 com.example.podcast_app.R$integer
 com.example.podcast_app.R$layout
 com.example.podcast_app.R$mipmap
 com.example.podcast_app.R$string
 com.example.podcast_app.R$style
 com.example.podcast_app.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/media2/common/R.java
 androidx.media2.common.R
 androidx.media2.common.R$attr
 androidx.media2.common.R$color
 androidx.media2.common.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.common.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.common.R$id
 androidx.media2.common.R$integer
 androidx.media2.common.R$layout
 androidx.media2.common.R$string
 androidx.media2.common.R$style
 androidx.media2.common.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/media2/session/R.java
 androidx.media2.session.R
 androidx.media2.session.R$attr
 androidx.media2.session.R$color
 androidx.media2.session.R$dimen
 androidx.media2.session.R$drawable
 androidx.media2.session.R$id
 androidx.media2.session.R$integer
 androidx.media2.session.R$layout
 androidx.media2.session.R$string
 androidx.media2.session.R$style
 androidx.media2.session.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
xyz/luan/audioplayers/R.java
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$attr
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$color
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$dimen
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$drawable
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$id
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$integer
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$layout
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$string
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$style
 xyz.luan.audioplayers.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/appcheck/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.appcheck.interop.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/ggichure/github/hexcolor/R.java
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$attr
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$color
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$dimen
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$drawable
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$id
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$integer
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$layout
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$string
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$style
 com.ggichure.github.hexcolor.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/ryanheise/audioservice/R.java
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$color
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$id
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$string
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$style
 com.ryanheise.audioservice.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/example/podcast_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.podcast_app.BuildConfig
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/ryanheise/audio_session/R.java
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$attr
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$color
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$dimen
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$drawable
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$id
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$integer
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$layout
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$string
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$style
 com.ryanheise.audio_session.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$style
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
